hello everyone today I wanted to talk to
you guys about some protein supplements
for women so of course it's important to
get your protein from the foods that you
eat everyday in your meals but a lot of
us may need some supplementation so I've
shown to share with you guys my favorite
protein powders that I use which I feel
like are specifically for people who are
trying to get lean not trying to get a
lot of mass and bulk like men generally
want to get so these are good for either
men who want to get lean or for women so
here is my first one this one is called
lean desert it's a protein shake it's by
the company BSN so this one is super
good because it tastes amazing a lot of
the proteins that you're going to try if
they taste really good they're generally
the ones that either cost a ton of money
or BR the mass gainers so the mass
gainer is they have a lot of calories
and stuff like that and just excess
amounts of protein that us as women
would it need because we're not trying
to build that much muscle so I really
like this one because it's first of all
lean is right in the name which is
really good but it's pretty cute the
marketing of it's called lean desert but
this protein tastes so so amazing so
like I said it's whipped vanilla cream
flavor and let's see here it's got 150
calories per serving so that's one
heaping scoop and it's got through only
3.5 grams of fat and 21 grams of protein
so I really like this one I'm going to
upload a video on this little protein
shake that I do with this everyday it's
amazing it tastes really good and it
tastes personally like a milkshake so
it's really enjoyable to eat this
protein so this is my second protein
that I use I have two this one is a 365
it's everyday everyday value this one's
from Whole Foods and this one's a whey
protein powder so I use each of these
for different things this one is my
quick on-the-go protein or it's for when
I makes
duties that don't have a creamy texture
to it so say if I make a veggies veggie
and berry smoothies but I still want
some protein supplementation in those
smoothies I turn to this one it it does
say natural vanilla flavor but it
doesn't have a overly sweet creamy a
milky flavor like this lean dessert one
has this one I use with 2% milk to make
smoothies and things like that that are
creamy and this one I use for my shaker
cup if I'm trying to down some really
quick I drink this with water this is
what blends with water like a dream
whereas this one it's not going to blend
with water so well because it is a
little more creamy it would go pretty
much better with milk and stuff so I
just use this when I make my sweet
protein smoothies and I use this one
like I said when I make a more fresh
smoothie that you don't want to taste
the creaminess or the chalkiness of the
protein so I really like this one it's a
ion-exchange micro filtered hydrolyzed
pretty much there's only has 16 grams of
protein per serving it's not as much as
the other one but it only has 80
calories so if you're trying to if
you're trying to down some protein right
after you leave the gym this is a really
good one just to mix with water the
texture is really really fine powder let
me show you guys how I X so if you look
really closely you can tell that the
texture is kind of different than other
proteins that I have seen before it's a
really really fine fine powder and it's
not as it looks a little more chalky but
when you mix this with water it blends
perfectly you don't have to worry about
any chunks or anything like that so
that's why I really like this one so I
have each of these I use them both for
different things like I said but these
are my two favorite protein supplements
for women that aren't too expensive
this one was $22 and I got this one from
Dick's pouring mint and they have other
flavors like fresh cinnamon roll rich
chocolate cake I think just a lot of
different type of flavors that are
market
it as deserts and this one becomes an
original flavor of vanilla flavor or we
actually you comes in vanilla and
chocolate whole foods keeps it pretty
simple it's just vanilla or chocolate
another thing that I'd like to talk to
you guys about these two supplements is
that they are not soy protein so how
your body works is it only absorbs so
much protein soy protein your body
doesn't absorb as much of the soy
protein as it does the whey protein so I
always opt for a whey protein and both
of these are way and I really like both
of them this one says it's specifically
for weight for weight management this
one is more of a mainstream kind of
brand BSN so the marketing is going to
be a little different than this really
simple container which is from Whole
Foods but if you are looking for a super
super lean protein this one of course
does not taste as good but it is really
good for those of you who are trying to
lean out another thing that I like with
these is on my lunch break I actually
will take this protein and you just have
to like chug it as quick as possible you
get used to it after a while I mean the
first time I try to drink any types of
protein I start to you know gag and
stuff but over time you get used to it
and it's nothing for you since you get
used to the flavor but like I said this
one really fills me up at lunchtime if I
don't have like a huge lunch or I'm
trying to just come you know eat more
lean I'll bring this with me and a
little shaker cup but just shake it up
with some cold water and down it and you
just give it a minute and you'll feel
full right away and it will sustain you
for hours so I really like these so I'll
just say the names one more time this
one is 365 whey protein powder
this one's from Whole Foods and this one
is lean dessert from the company called
BSN I'm pretty sure you guys have seen
the no Xplode type of protein before
that one's pretty big with the men so
this is by the company
of no Xplode so you have if you have a
boyfriend have him get the no Xplode
have you get the lean desert protein now
I'm just kidding but I really do like
these proteins like I said check them
out Whole Foods Dick's Sporting Goods
you can also order this one online BSN
lean desert so check it out vitacost I
love that website super cheap prices and
super quick shipping so check why the
cost if you want to try this out and
check out all their amazing flavors and
this one is from Whole Foods so thanks
for watching my video guys and I hope
this helped you learn a couple new
protein supplements that you could try
out for staying lean have a great day
guys